include link to http api test error page (#23181)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/api_tests/http_tests.md

`DNS`
: DNS entry not found for the test URL. Possible causes include misconfigured test URL or the wrong configuration of your DNS entries.

`Error performing HTTP/2 request`

> : The request couldn't be performed. [See the dedicated error page for more information][16].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The request could not be performed. See the dedicated [error][16] page for more information.
```
